README.md, before:

# PathfinderCalculator

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 18.2.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng b --optimization --ssr -c=production` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

npm install to install all dependencies

Commit message:

PUSH
Ajout de comment lancer le serveur node.js une fois build

README.md, after:

# PathfinderCalculator

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 18.2.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng b --optimization --ssr -c=production` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Run the build

Run `npm run serve:ssr:pathfinder-calculator` to execute the Node.js server using the dist files

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

npm install to install all dependencies
